# Terms of Service


Our Terms






Welcome! Please carefully read the following Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") before using this website ("Site"). By using this Site, you agree to follow and be bound by these Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Site. Nothing contained in these Terms of Use is intended to modify or amend any other written agreement, if any, that may currently be in effect between you and BLUESTECH LTD with regard to matters other than your use of the Site. BLUESTECH LTD may periodically modify these Terms of Use, and any such modifications will be effective immediately upon posting. We suggest that you periodically check these Terms of Use for modifications. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not use this Site.

This Site is owned and operated by BLUESTECH LTD Ltd ("BLUESTECH LTD"). BLUESTECH LTD may modify, suspend, discontinue, or restrict the use and availability of any portion of this Site at any time, without notice. Your use of this Site may be monitored by BLUESTECH LTD and used for BLUESTECH LTD's business purposes. We collect, use and disclose personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.



Limited License and Restrictions on Use
Linking Conditions
User Content and License Grant
Your Account
Data, Information, and Content
Copyright Policy, Notice, and Claim Information
Trademarks and Patents
International Use
Third Party Content
Timeliness of Content
Termination
Warranty Disclaimers
Liability and Indemnity
Integration and Severability
Applicable Law and Venue






BLUESTECH LTD grants you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable license to view, store, bookmark, download, and print the pages within this Site solely for your personal, informational, and noncommercial use or as expressly authorized by BLUESTECH LTD in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, financial advisers, trust professionals, registered advisers, broker-dealers, nominees and other institutional trading partners (collectively, "Intermediaries") may use the data and information provided on this Site for certain commercial uses with BLUESTECH LTD's prior approval or as otherwise permitted on this Site, provided that such Intermediaries comply with all other terms and conditions as set forth in these Terms of Use. You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all equipment, services, and other materials that you need to access this Site. BLUESTECH LTD reserves all rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Use. Except as otherwise stated in these Terms of Use or as expressly authorized by BLUESTECH LTD in writing, you may not (or enable others to):



Modify, copy, screen capture, distribute, forward, transmit, post, display, perform, reproduce, publish, broadcast, license, create derivative works from, transfer, sell, or exploit any reports, data, information, content, software, RSS and podcast feeds, products, services, or other materials on, generated by or obtained from this Site, whether through links or otherwise (collectively, "Materials").
Redeliver any page, text, image, or Materials on this Site using "framing" or other technology.
Engage in any conduct that could damage, disable, or overburden (i) this Site, (ii) any Materials or services provided through this Site, or (iii) any systems, networks, servers, or accounts related to this Site, including without limitation, using devices or software that provide repeated automated access to this Site, other than those made generally available by BLUESTECH LTD.
Probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any Materials, services, systems, networks, servers, or accounts related to this Site or attempt to gain unauthorized access to Materials, services, systems, networks, servers, or accounts connected or associated with this Site through hacking, password or data mining, or any other means of circumventing any access-limiting, user authentication or security device of any Materials, services, systems, networks, servers, or accounts related to this Site.
Modify, copy, obscure, remove, or display BLUESTECH LTD's name, logo, trademarks, text, notices, or images without BLUESTECH LTD's express written permission. To obtain such permission, you may e-mail us at admin@BLUESTECH LTD.org.
Include the term "BLUESTECH LTD," or any BLUESTECH LTD trademark or executive's name, or any variation of the foregoing, as a meta-tag, hidden textual element or any other indicator that creates an impression of affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement by BLUESTECH LTD.






# Linking Conditions


You may not link to this Site unless you comply with these linking conditions ("Linking Conditions"). BLUESTECH LTD grants you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to this Site ("Link"), provided you comply at all times with the following conditions:



The Link must resolve to BLUESTECH LTD's portal page at www.BLUESTECH LTD.com, unaltered in any way.
The text of the Link must read either "BLUESTECH LTD," "BLUESTECH LTD United Kingdom," or "www.BLUESTECH LTD.com." You may not use any BLUESTECH LTD logo or graphic, or any other BLUESTECH LTD trademark, as part of the Link without BLUESTECH LTD's express written permission.
The Link and surrounding context on the linking site must not (a) falsely represent or misrepresent any relationship between the linking site and BLUESTECH LTD, including suggestions of affiliation, endorsement, or sponsorship; (b) portray BLUESTECH LTD or its affiliates, or their products or services, in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner; or (c) deliver the Materials in a framed environment or alter the layout, content, look, or feel of the Site.



If you have created a Link that conforms to these Linking Conditions, then you also may include one or more Links to any internal or subsidiary page of this Site that is located one or several levels down from the homepages (known as "deep links"); provided, however, that all such deep links must be in close physical proximity to the Link that conforms to the Linking Conditions. You may not maintain numerous or pervasive Links to this Site.





# User Content and License Grant


You agree that you are solely responsible for all information, data, content, text, photographs, graphics, images, videos, messages, comments, quotations, files, documents and any other materials that you submit, upload, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available via the Site ("User Content"). By submitting, uploading, posting, e-mailing or transmitting User Content to the Site, you represent and warrant that either you own all right, title and interest in and to the User Content or have express permission from the owner to copy and use such User Content for all purposes related to the Site. BLUESTECH LTD does not control and is not responsible for the User Content uploaded via the Site and BLUESTECH LTD neither guarantees the accuracy, quality or appropriateness of nor endorses any User Content submitted to the Site. 
You agree not to use the Site to:



Submit, upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available any User Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, menacing, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, pornographic, obscene, offensive, blasphemous, libelous, unlawful, invasive of another's privacy or publicity rights, hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable.
Submit, upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available any User Content that personally attacks or is derogatory toward BLUESTECH LTD as an entity, BLUESTECH LTD employees, any BLUESTECH LTD products or services, or any BLUESTECH LTD Materials.
Harm minors in any way, including, but not limited to, submitting, uploading, posting, e-mailing, transmitting, or otherwise making available content that violates child pornography laws, child sexual exploitation laws, or laws prohibiting the depiction of minors engaged in sexual conduct.
Impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any User Content transmitted through the Site.
Submit, upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available any User Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or contractual or fiduciary relationships or obligations.
Submit, upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available any User Content that infringes, violates, or misappropriates any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or proprietary right or any moral right of any party.
Submit, upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available any personal information or specific account details about yourself or any person or entity.
Submit, upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available any advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of solicitation.
Submit, upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available any material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national, or international laws, rules, regulations, decrees, acts, orders, directives, legislation, bills, or statutes.


You grant BLUESTECH LTD and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, licensors, and vendors a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, nonexclusive, fully-paid up, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable right and license to use, store, modify, adapt, translate, publish, display, broadcast, perform, disclose, distribute, sell, reproduce, publish, communicate to the public and create derivative works from any User Content, in whole or in part, in any medium or technology throughout the world, including any inventions, concepts, techniques, know-how, ideas, or expressions of ideas arising out of or based on the User Content, for any purpose in BLUESTECH LTD's sole discretion, without the requirement of any permission from or compensation or notice, and without liability, to you or any third party. 
BLUESTECH LTD shall exclusively own all right, title, and interest in and to any derivative works or inventions created by or on behalf of BLUESTECH LTD that incorporate or otherwise make use of any User Content, without the requirement of any permission from or compensation or notice, and without liability, to you or any third party.
Except as set forth in our Privacy Policy, none of the User Content that you submit, upload, post, e-mail, or transmit or otherwise make available via the Site shall be subject to any confidentiality obligations by BLUESTECH LTD and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, licensors, and vendors. To the extent permitted by law, BLUESTECH LTD shall not be liable in any way for any User Content or for the use or disclosure of any User Content.
You acknowledge that BLUESTECH LTD and/or its vendors may or may not (but are not obligated to) monitor User Content, but that BLUESTECH LTD shall have the right in its sole discretion to monitor, post, move, refuse, or remove any User Content, in whole or in part, for any reason whatsoever, without notice and without liability.
If you have any questions or comments about your BLUESTECH LTD or other customer service issues, please click Contact Us at the top of any webpage.






# Your Account


Certain parts of this Site may be protected by passwords or require a login. Further, for authentication purposes, certain features on this Site may require you to answer a designated security question. You agree to provide BLUESTECH LTD with current, complete, and accurate information about you as prompted by the applicable registration process and agree to regularly update this information to maintain its completeness and accuracy. You agree to use this Site to access only those accounts on which you are authorized to act, and you agree to use your own user names, logins, passwords, and security questions and answers when accessing accounts on which you are authorized to act. You agree not to obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to such parts of or features on this Site, or to any other protected Materials or information, through any means not intentionally made available to you by BLUESTECH LTD.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any account information, user names, logins, passwords, and security questions and answers that you use to access any page or feature on this Site, and for logging off of your account and any protected areas of the Site. Further, you are fully responsible for all activities occurring under your accounts, user names, logins, passwords, and security questions and answers that result from your negligence, carelessness, misconduct, or failure to use or maintain appropriate security measures. If you become aware of any suspicious or unauthorized conduct concerning your accounts, user names, logins, passwords, or security questions and answers, you agree to contact BLUESTECH LTD immediately.                


# BLUESTECH LTD will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this paragraph


Products and services provided to you through this Site may involve the electronic transmission, including via any e-mail address you provide to us, of information that you may consider to be personal financial information or promotional and marketing materials. You consent to such transmission; however, you have the option to unsubscribe. Please see our Privacy Policy for further details.






# Data, Information, and Content


The Materials on this Site are for information, education, and noncommercial purposes only. Although BLUESTECH LTD may provide data, information, and content relating to approaches and opportunities to buy or sell securities and/or mutual funds, you should not construe any such information or other content available through this Site as legal or tax advice. You alone will bear the sole responsibility of evaluating the merits and risks associated with the use of any Materials on this Site in relation to your own personal circumstances before making any decisions based on such Materials. To the extent permitted by law you agree not to hold BLUESTECH LTD or its third party information providers liable for any possible claim for damages arising from any decision you make in relation to your individual circumstances based on the Materials made available to you through this Site. By providing access to other websites, neither BLUESTECH LTD nor any of its affiliates is recommending the purchase or sale of the stock issued by any company, nor are they endorsing services provided by any website's sponsoring organization.


# General advice warning

BLUESTECH LTD is the product issuer. The information on this website is general information only and does not take into account your individual objectives, financial situation or needs or those of your client. Before making an decision or recommendation, you should consider your or your client's objectives, financial situation and needs, as well as the relevant Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) or Prospectus. You can access our PDS's and Prospectuses online, or by calling us.






# Copyright Policy, Notice, and Claim Information


All Materials on this Site, whether separate or compiled, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, audio clips, logos, buttons, images, digital downloads, data compilations, software, icons, html code and xml code, as well as all copyright, patent, trademark, trade dress, and other rights therein, are owned or licensed by BLUESTECH LTD and its third party information providers, and are protected by United Kingdom and international intellectual property laws.                    
The designated copyright agent can also be reached by e-mail at support@BLUESTECH LTD.com.
If you have any other customer service questions or would like an alternative method of reaching us, please Contact Us.






# Trademarks and Patents

All trademarks, service marks, and logos appearing on this Site are the exclusive property of their respective owners.
All BLUESTECH LTD graphics, logos, page headers, and service names are trademarks, service marks, or trade dress of BLUESTECH LTD. BLUESTECH LTD's trademarks, service marks, and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not BLUESTECH LTD's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or members, or in any manner that disparages or discredits BLUESTECH LTD. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting any license or right in or to any trademarks, service marks, or trade dress of BLUESTECH LTD.






# International Use


Because of the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules with respect to your account and your online conduct, including all laws, rules, codes, and regulations of the country in which you reside and the country from which you access this Site, including without limitation, all laws, rules, codes, regulations, decrees, acts, orders, directives, legislation, bills, and statutes pertaining to tax, contracts, intellectual property, securities, e-commerce, banking, technology, computers, fraud, and privacy.






# Third Party Content


Data and other materials appearing on this Site that are provided by third parties are believed by BLUESTECH LTD to be obtained from reliable sources, but BLUESTECH LTD cannot guarantee and is not responsible for their accuracy, timeliness, completeness, or suitability for use. BLUESTECH LTD is not responsible for and does not prepare, edit, or endorse the content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from any website owned or operated by a third party that is linked to this Site via hyperlink. The fact that BLUESTECH LTD has provided a link to a third party's website does not constitute an implicit or explicit endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation by BLUESTECH LTD with respect to such website, its owners, providers, or services. You will use any such third party content at your own risk and you agree that BLUESTECH LTD is not liable for any loss or damage that you may suffer by using third party websites or any content, advertising, products, or other materials in connection therewith.






# Timeliness of Content


All content on this Site is presented only as of the date published or indicated, and may be superseded by subsequent market events or for other reasons. In addition, you are responsible for setting the cache settings on your browser to ensure you are receiving the most recent data.







# Termination

The rights granted to you herein terminate immediately upon any material violation by you of these Terms of Use. BLUESTECH LTD reserves the right to temporarily or permanently terminate your access to and use of this Site at any time. BLUESTECH LTD will endeavor to give you notice, however in some circumstances this may not be possible (e.g. due to unforeseen technological issues). You may also stop using this Site at any time and for any reason without notice to us.
BLUESTECH LTD will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to or use of this Site. Termination does not relieve you of your accrued obligations and liabilities pursuant to these Terms of Use, nor does termination waive any breach of these Terms of Use by you.






# Warranty Disclaimers


YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
THE TERMS THAT APPLY TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE ARE THESE TERMS AND SUBJECT TO YOUR NON-EXCLUDABLE RIGHTS UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION LAWS. NO OTHER TERMS OR RIGHTS APPLY. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
WE WILL USE DUE CARE AND SKILL IN PROVIDING THE SITE AND THE MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE AND SUBJECT TO YOUR RIGHTS UNDER LAW THAT MAY APPLY AND WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED, BLUESTECH LTD AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, AND ANY THIRD PARTY INFORMATION PROVIDERS AND VENDORS:



GIVEN THE NATURE OF THE INTERNET, DO NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT THE SITE, ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE OR THEIR USE IS COMPLETE, ACCURATE, CURRENT OR FREE FROM ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, PROGRAMMING BUGS OR VIRUSES OR SECURE OR HAVE FULL FUNCTIONALITY;
DO NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT THE AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE WILL BE CONTINUOUS OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THE SITE, THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE OR ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES, AS THE AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE OR ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE MAY BE SUBJECT TO NUMEROUS FACTORS, INCLUDING ROUTINE MAINTENANCE AND FACTORS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL (SUCH MALFUNCTION IN EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE, INTERNET ACCESS DIFFICULTIES, OR DELAY, ERROR OR FAILURE OF TRANSMISSION, THE SITE'S RELIANCE ON SYSTEMS AND SERVICES THAT WE DO NOT OWN OR CONTROL);
HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY TO MAINTAIN THE MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE OR TO SUPPLY CORRECTIONS, UPDATES, OR RELEASES FOR THE SAME;
DO NOT WARRANT THE SERVICE WILL MEET ALL OF YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS; AND
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIEDWITH RESPECT TO (I) THE SITE; (II) ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE; (III) USE OF THE SITE, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES; AND (IV) THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITE, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES.






# Liability and Indemnity


BLUESTECH LTD ACCEPTS LIABILITY TO YOU FOR BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY GUARANTEE OR OTHER RIGHTS UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION LAWS THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED AND FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS A DIRECT RESULT OF, AND FLOWS NATURALLY FROM, OUR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE UNDER THE PRINCIPLES APPLIED BY THE COURTS. HOWEVER, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED BY LAW, BLUESTECH LTD, ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, OR ANY THIRD PARTY INFORMATION PROVIDERS AND VENDORS ARE NOT LIABLE FOR:                



LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT WAS NOT CAUSED BY OUR BREACH OF STATUTORY GUARANTEE, CONTRACT OR BY OUR NEGLIGENCE;
LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT WAS CAUSED BY YOUR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR YOUR NEGLIGENCE; AND
LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT WAS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE;
LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR REASONABLE CONTROL (SUCH AS A MALFUNCTION IN EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE, INTERNET ACCESS DIFFICULTIES OR DELAY OR FAILURE OF TRANSMISSION).



FOR ALL OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING IN RELATION TO BREACH OF CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE TO EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BLUESTECH LTD, ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, OR ANY THIRD PARTY INFORMATION PROVIDERS AND VENDORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ALL OTHER INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, INCOME, GOODWILL. TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH LIABILITY CANNOT BE EXCLUDED, IT IS LIMITED TO RESUPPLYING, REPAIRING OR REPLACING THE RELEVANT GOODS OR SERVICES (OR PAYMENT OF THE COST OF RESUPPLY, REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT) AND WHERE IT IS FAIR AND REASONABLE TO DO SO.
YOU MUST TAKE REASONABLE STEPS TO MINIMISE THE EXTENT OF ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE YOU MAY SUFFER AS A RESULT OF THE PROVISION OF (I) THE SITE; (II) ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE; (III) USE OF THE SITE, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES; AND (IV) THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITE, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless BLUESTECH LTD, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of its and their officers, directors, employees, and agents, from and against all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses, material arising out of or related to your improper access to or use of this Site, or any violation by you of these Terms of Use.






# Integration and Severability

If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed unlawful, void, or unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. These Terms of Use represent the entire agreement between you and BLUESTECH LTD relating to the subject matter herein.


# Applicable Law and Venue

The laws of New York, United States of America, govern these Terms of Use. You submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of New York and you waive any right you have to object to an action being brought in the Courts of New York.



